Uri/release notes v7.6.2 (#255)
Certora/Documentation: docs/prover/changelog/prover_changelog.md

```{contents}
```

7.6.3 (May 15, 2024)
----------------------
### CVL
- [feat] Allow the use of contract aliases (`using ERC20 as token`) that were defined in the imported spec files.
- [feat] Can use `filtered` expressions for `builtin` rules
- [bugfix] Always run `envfree` checks, even if rule filters are applied

> - [bugfix] `envfree` will be checked on the inlined code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [bugfix] `envfree` will be checked on the code after linking
```

### Rule Report
- [feat] Support jump-to-source for calls, local variables, and storage accesses
- [feat] Show structs passed to CVL functions in the call trace
- [feat] Show loop statistics in the live difficulty tab
- [feat] Show split-solving progress in live stats
- [feat] Show a notification if there are unresolved calls that can be resolved with `--optimistic_fallback`
- [feat] Show more info on procedures with nonlinear operations
- [UX] Prioritize `ERROR` states over other rule states

### Performance
- [feat] The `-splitParallel` option will now enable the new parallel splitter

### CLI
- [feat] Automatically set function-finder options depending on `solc` version and configuration
- [feat] New option `--build_cache` for faster re-compilation of previously compiled Solidity code

> - [bugfix] ensuring we do not print superfluous messages to `stdout` in CI

Reviewer: Not new compared to last main release, can omit

### Mutation Testing

> - [bugfix] fixing a bug where not all mutants were processed

Reviewer: Not new compared to last main release?
